Project:  CS22100 Group Project (Group 17) 
Date:  Thursday 22nd October 2015, 11:10 AM
Meeting:  Weekly Project Meeting - Room C55
Present: Laurence Tyler, Peter George, Frederik Kranich, Jack Thomson, George Vinters, Jose Vives Iznardo, Alexander Webb, Stuart Tee, Grigor Mironov
Apologies:  No apologies
Circulation List:  All project members including the project manager
Author:  George Vinters		
Produced: Thursday 22nd October
Version:  1.0
 
 
Matters arising
1. The quality assurance leader and deputy have been confirmed with the project manager (point 1 of 15th October minutes).

2. The project plan has been presented to the project manager.  Feedback has been given and appropriate actions must be taken for the plan to be completed (point 5 of 15th October minutes).
ACTION:  Alex


New Business
3. The project leader will need to start keeping a log of all members time spent on the project.  It was agreed that a time log would be sent to all members.  The time log for each week is to be completed and sent back to the project leader before any official meetings (Thursday CS211 Tutorial meetings).
ACTION:  All members

4. Some members have not yet sent a link of their blog to the project manager (Laurence Tyler) at: lgt@aber.ac.uk.  This is the final reminder for blog post links before action may be taken.
ACTION:  Members who have not sent a blog post link to the project manager (Laurence Tyler)

5.	The project leader has assigned tasks to each member.  These tasks are part of the first deliverable and must be completed for the meeting on Monday 26th.
ACTION:  George - Create designs for the desktop part of the project
ACTION:  Stuart - Look into the command line interface for the project (SE.QA.05A,  5.2)
ACTION:  Alex - Review over and combine documents sent by other members
ACTION:  Peter - Look into applications in the system  (SE.QA.05A,  4.1)
ACTION:  Frederik -  Look into the interaction between the website and database parts of the project
ACTION:  Jack - Create the Use-Case design  (SE.QA.05A,  5.1)
ACTION:  Grigor - Create designs for the website part of the project
ACTION:  Jose - Look into the interaction between the desktop and database parts of the project (SE.QA.05A,  4.2)
 
 
AOB
6. Date, Time and Venue for next meeting
Monday 26th October - Geography Building at 3 PM (Think Tank)
Thursday 29th October - CS221 Tutorial at 11:10 AM (Room C55)

7. Final reminder to email a link to your blog to the project manager (Laurence Tyler) at: lgt@aber.ac.uk.


George Vinters - ghv@aber.ac.uk
Minutes produced:  Thursday 22nd October
Please email me if you believe there are any errors within the minutes.
