Project:  CS22100 Group Project (Group 17) 
Date:  Thursday 5th November 2015, 11:10 AM
Meeting:  Weekly Project Meeting - Room C55
Present: Laurence Tyler, Peter George, Frederik Kranich, Jack Thomson, George Vinters, Jose Vives Iznardo, Alexander Webb, Stuart Tee
Apologies:  Grigor Mironov
Circulation List:  All project members including the project manager
Author:  George Vinters		
Produced: Thursday 5th November
Version:  1.0
 
 
Matters arising
1. All blog links have been received by the project manager.


New Business
2. All documents for the testing specification (point 2 of 29th October minutes) must be sent to Frederik by Friday 6th November before 12 noon
ACTION:  All members

3. All required documents should uploaded to the GitHub repository in the correct locations.  Details of this can be found within SE.QA.08 - Operating Procedures and Configuration Management Standards.  The QA manager should ensure that all relevant documents are in the required locations.
ACTION:  All Members
 
 
AOB
4. Date, Time and Venue for next meeting
Monday 9th November - Geography Building at 3 PM (Think Tank)
Thursday 12th November - CS221 Tutorial at 11:10 AM (Room C55)


George Vinters - ghv@aber.ac.uk
Minutes produced:  Thursday 5th November
Please email me if you believe there are any errors within the minutes.
