Project:  CS22100 Group Project (Group 17) 
Date:  Thursday 12th November 2015, 11:10 AM
Meeting:  Weekly Project Meeting - Room C55
Present: Laurence Tyler, Peter George, Frederik Kranich, Jack Thomson, George Vinters, Jose Vives Iznardo, Alexander Webb, 
Apologies:  Grigor Mironov, Stuart Tee
Circulation List:  All project members including the project manager
Author:  George Vinters		
Produced: Thursday 12th November
Version:  1.0
 
 
Matters arising
1. The Test Specification document has been submitted.  Feedback has been given for the input and output descriptions to be more specific.


New Business
2. New tasks for the group have been given out with a deadline of before the Thursday 19th meeting.  This is with the exception of Grigor who has been asked to submit his work by Tuesday 17th at 10AM.  The SE.QA.05A Design Specification Standards document can be used for additional information.  The tasks are as follows:
ACTION:  Jack - Create descriptions for the significant classes
ACTION:  Peter - Create the interface descriptions
ACTION:  George - Create the state diagrams
ACTION:  Frederik - Create the data transmission formats
ACTION:  Alex - Record spike work and help produce the sequence diagrams alongside Grigor
ACTION:  Stuart - Continue with the creation of the component description 
ACTION:  Grigor - Create the sequence diagrams for the java log in, view task and edit task
ACTION:  Jose - Create the class and object diagrams
  

AOB
3. Date, Time and Venue for next meeting
Monday 16th November - Geography Building at 3 PM (Think Tank)
Thursday 19th November - CS221 Tutorial at 11:10 AM (Room C55)


George Vinters - ghv@aber.ac.uk
Minutes produced:  Thursday 12th November
Please email me if you believe there are any errors within the minutes.
