Project:  CS22100 Group Project (Group 17) 
Date:  Monday 23rd November 2015, 3 PM
Meeting:  Weekly Project Meeting - Geography Building (Think Tank, same place as 9th November meeting)
Present:  Peter George, Jack Thomson, George Vinters, Jose Vives Iznardo, Alexander Webb 
Apologies:  Stuart Tee, Grigor Mironov, Frederik Kranich
Circulation List:  All project members including the project manager
Author:  George Vinters
Produced: Monday 23rd November
Version:  1.0


Matters arising
1. Not all documents had been sent to the project leader and therefore we did not review over the upcoming deliverable (point 3 of 19th November minutes).  Instead, the group looked over the project time plan to see how much time remained for each specific part of the project in order to grasp the current timescale of the project.

2. The group quickly reviewed over the recent feedback and agreed that the "Deployment Description" part of the deliverable would be improved for a future date (point 1 of 19th November minutes).  


New Business
3. The group has been split up into 3 teams based upon each individuals strengths.  The current aim is to begin with the core programming for the project by Friday 27th in order for the prototype to be successfully delivered on Thursday 10th December.  The groups are as follows:
ACTION:  Web - Alex (leader), Frederik, George, Stuart and Peter
ACTION:  Java - Jack (leader), Jose and Grigor
ACTION:  Database - Peter

4. Team members are reminded that all relevant and required documents should be uploaded to the GitHub repository.  This will be required for efficient collaborating between the groups who are working on the different programming aspects to the project.
ACTION:  All members

5. The group has decided that the TaskerMan will incorporate user login details as an additional requirement for the project.

6. The suggestion has been raised for the Web and Java groups to have their own meetings outside of the two regular weekly meetings.  This will allow for better communication, collaboration and demonstration of completed work between group members.

7. A concern over Stuart's recent attendance and work contribution has been raised.  We wish to discuss this in the Thursday 26th meeting.


AOB
8. Date, Time and Venue for next meeting:
Thursday 26th November - CS221 Tutorial at 11:10 AM (Room C55)

9. Reminder to create a blog post for this week

10. Reminder to send your completed hours log each week to Alex.  This is to be done at least a day before any official CS221 Tutorial meetings.  Any outstanding time logs will also need to be sent to Alex.


George Vinters - ghv@aber.ac.uk
Minutes produced:  Monday 23d November
Please email me if you believe there are any errors within the minutes.
